Feature/tcp hud (#404)
34th-Para-Recon-Brimstone-Company/34th-PRC-Aux-Mod: src/changelog.md

### Updated
- Series 9[B] SOLA Jetpack(KJW's Jetpacks) balance pass. Functions very closely to the Halo: Reach Jetpack now.
- Series 9[X] SOLA Thruster Pack(Scion Conflict) will remain an option as 'experimental' escape & evasion equipment.

> - All Custom Helmets should now have the TCP HUD available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All of our helmets should now have the TCP HUD available
```
